Hi there. So this is part two. Apologies again. I thought I'll try to do a quick video but
obviously not. So just going back to this, I think, so yeah, as I said, so basically
I think special discounts should only be discounts that are between us and them. So they're not
going to see hairline fees because it's irrelevant to them. A patient can, for example, come
in and have a discount code that is hairline only, for example. They might have a discount
code that's already been applied because the clinic has already applied 20% of their fees,
for example. And they might then add another one that's hairline fees only, for example.
But this just creates confusion. So I think here we remove this. We just have discounts
that is applied to both. But the trick here is the clinic needs to be able to approve
it. So if we say we're doing a 20% discount, it might be too much for the clinic and they
say they don't want to participate on this discount, for example. And in this case, what
they're getting is they're going to get a notification to say, new discount available,
you know, accept or decline. So they can accept or decline. This will be a notification for
the administrator of the account. So again, I think we remove this. We just have, you
know, special discounts, hairline, that's it. And so this is how it's going to look.
So here, again, forgetting this menu, it'll say, please accept discount from our admin.
Again, change the wording here. It doesn't sound right. But once they click on it, this
is the notification, you know, 40% discount, you know, between this day to this day, accept
New Year's discount, accept 200% discount, whatever it is that we've done. And then if
they've accepted one, it'll show up here. It'll need to have the name and the period
like this, and so on. They also need to be able to edit or delete their own discounts.
And, you know, that's the edit screen and so on. So just in terms of issues with this
already, you can see this doesn't really work as well as, you know, as the screens look
in terms of, if we look at them side by side, you can see that obviously, this is not, you
know, it doesn't look anywhere near as clean as this. But also, you know, some of these
screens are not the same. So the name was on top initially, and so on. I think discount
description is okay. Discount code is probably something quite important, I think, because
if it's for the provider only, when the provider is doing this, they ultimately, they're the
ones selecting it. So discount code in this case is not relevant. This is only relevant
for us when we're doing this, or we're creating a discount code. But for them, this is irrelevant,
because when they're looking at their own screens, when they're doing the quote, they're
going to select, you know, this discount or this discount. They might choose not to do
it at all. So for us, for them, for the provider section, this is irrelevant, really. And again,
we should have this disclaimer at the bottom as well. Okay, so let's move back to this
to the screen. So anyway, so these are this, we've gone through the promotion section.
Now, if we go to the provider profile, this is, again, just information that they'll be
able to edit in their profile. They should be able to add, you know, languages, upload
a, you know, logo or, you know, profile picture, they'll be able to add languages, awards.
So in awards, I think what I can see now is you can write the name of the award and so
on. But you can't upload a picture of the award, something like this. I don't know exactly
how to do this. So it's, so it doesn't look tacky or whatever. It might be that we pre-do
these ourselves, and then they can select from it, for example. But we, we will need
to figure out how to do that. Well, security, passwords, delete account. So this is add
award. So name, description, year. But again, as I said, we need to have a picture for otherwise
it's just going to look weird. But yeah, anyway, so that's the profile section. This is the
team, so they need to be able to invite staff. And currently we have, you know, two, there
really should be three different ones, which is front of staff. So these are people that
will be able to, you know, look at the process and see what patients, I think, to be honest,
this is something that we need to work on. But the idea is, it's permissions, really,
so which staff member can see which part. So for example, there should be a clinical
staff. So those, for example, will probably not be looking at quotes or confirmations
or anything. But they might be just looking at the in progress and aftercare section,
for example. And that's because they just perform procedures, for example. So they need
to take pictures, 3D scans of the procedure. They need to input that they've gone from
here to here or provide aftercare and so on. And then there'll be billing staff, you
know, that will be able to go through the quotes and see how much they're making and
all of this stuff. So we just need to figure out, you know, permissions, who can do what
page. But in reality, it's, you know, like once you invite a staff member, you should
be able to select which pages they can see and so on. These are settings, again, they'll
be able to change their numbers and so on. Currently, this is, even in the system, it's,
you're not able to change the plus 90, the Turkish number, but obviously clinics are
going to be worldwide. So you should be able to change numbers. Actually, in this section,
you've only got these two options. In the admin section, you can only pick from 90.
So again, this needs to be amended. You need to be able to reset password, select a time
zone. Again, some issues now, there's only one time zone. I don't think reset password
works and so on. Then settings, notifications. So you know, you want to be able to get, you
should be able to select, for example, I want to get email notifications. I want, I don't know,
SMS notifications might be too much, but, you know, notification, you know, notification
through the app or, you know, the web portal, for example, or whatever. And these are some
other, you know, settings for notifications. And then there's a help section. So these are
stuff that we will build out, frequently asked questions, guides, and, you know, contact
us directly and so on and so on. Straightforward, these are things that we can build on later.
This is the profile drop down menu, you know, none of this stuff works. Well, it does work
currently. But I do have an issue in terms of the design. And again, as I said, the,
what is, you know, there's a bit of an issue with the fonts, I think, sizes, and so on.
So again, we need to, you know, fix this as well. So that's that. Okay. And then, yeah,
so there's billing. So this is, again, this would only be for the, you know, the provider
admin, or I don't know, the main account holder, basically, so they'll be able to put the bank
account details for us to make their payments and so on. And that's pretty much the provider
section. This is obviously just web-based currently, we do want to create an app for them
also, but this won't be on release, on launch. But that's the, generally speaking, the
provider section. There are a lot of issues currently with the platform, that not
everything is implemented, and so on. But that's, you know, that's something that we need
to work on. Another thing that we, that's quite, also, it's not, you know, it's not mobile
responsive, generally speaking. But something that we need to mention, in aftercare, there
is a, there is, as I mentioned before, we will be providing aftercare, but they might be
this, some of these, you know, some of these surgeons or clinicians might also provide
aftercare for us and for other patients, you know, for their own patients and other
patients. So here, they will have a possibly a secondary tab, if they have been assigned, you
know, that, you know, for example, the lead aftercare physician, for example, they'll have
another section where they'll be able to see a little bit more detail in terms of the
progress. They'll be able to speak to the patient directly through messages. They'll be
able to see the chat between the, you know, the staff and the patient. But they'll also be
able to accept, you know, live or, you know, video consultations and so on. That's, that
you will be able to see that a little bit more with the hairline admin section, because
that's on our screens. So I'll go through that in a bit. But hopefully, that's enough details
for the provider for now. Again, if you've got any questions, any problems, and you've got any
suggestions in terms of how to improve it or things that we can do better. That's, you know,
I'm more than happy to hear it. All the best for now.
