Hello and welcome, I'm now moving on to the hairline admin section.
Now this section is complicated,
unfortunately has a lot of different things.
But the idea I think now hopefully is a little bit easier to understand
if we've gone through the app and the provider.
A lot of the data that we have here is now just,
you know, the collection of everything
that's happening on those two platforms.
Again, we don't have a lot of data, so we don't have much to go on.
But you'll be able to see the providers in this section,
the patients, you know, and which stage they're in,
and so on and so on, you know, view their details and so on.
Again, a lot of this doesn't work currently,
but I will be going through the screens
and hopefully a lot of the screens will be easier to understand
because we've gone through the provider section already.
So again, first of all, dashboard,
some of the stuff will be amended and changed,
but that's just a general idea.
Then we have the overview.
So the overview is just the patients.
So this should be, this will be everything.
So every patient in whatever stage, if they're in an inquiry,
if they're in progress, if they're pending,
so they've, you know, they've created a profile
where they haven't submitted anything, for example,
if they're in the code or whichever stage they're in,
we will have them here.
You'll be able to filter them through,
you know, which stage they're in, location, and so on.
And then these are similar screens to before,
you'll be able to see the patient,
again, here, we should have the patient's name
as well as, you know, an ID for them.
Something that was quite important in the previous section
for the provider, the provider shouldn't be able to see
the patient's name or contact details until after they've paid,
once they've gone into the, so once they've gone into,
in progress, I believe, part or complete,
whichever, not complete.
I mean, either way, hopefully it makes sense.
So provider, once they've confirmed, so once they've paid,
the provider will be able to see their full name,
they'll be able to see their contact details and so on.
But before then, they're going to have an ID for them.
It can be something like mark,
and then the first letter of their surname.
So mark P, for example, and then an ID for them.
But again, this is similar screens to the other one,
we'll be able to edit them here and so on.
This is once they've had a quote from a provider,
we'll be able to see,
we should be able to see all the quotes that they've had.
So if they've had like 10 quotes,
we should be able to see all of them.
This is might be a little harder to see like this
because we should be able to see the quotes each one by one.
Because the idea here is that we need to be able to edit as well.
So let's say a provider for whatever reason cancels last minute,
they're not able to do it,
we should be able to then contact other providers
and be able to fit them in
because they might have already booked flights,
for example, that kind of stuff.
So in this admin section, we need to be able to edit all of this.
And then again, accept the screen,
you know, view the quotes and so on.
Scheduled again, this is all the information
that hopefully simple enough, you know,
these are all the information that we would have seen,
the progress they're in, and so on and so on.
So these are these screens.
From there, we are moving to the provider.
So this is just, you know, what, you know,
you'll be able to add a new provider.
This is the provider screen, the list of providers.
So this is something that we can see here, for example.
Again, you know, similar, but again, you'll be able to view them,
you'll be able to edit them and so on.
So that's the idea here.
And again, so you'll be able to edit them,
you'll be able to see all the details.
And these are the information that we will add, you know,
so if they have insurance, license, you know,
different things that we will be able to add
to keep on record for these different providers.
And we'll be able to add, you know, edit,
you know, their information, we can add languages,
recognitions, all of this stuff we can add ourselves.
Also, something that's very important, especially with launching,
is that we will need to be able to add reviews.
So this is the reviews that, you know,
that would have been authentic reviews
that would have been done through our own users.
But we want to be able to add reviews,
especially if a provider is joining us at the beginning,
and they don't have any reviews, they might look bad.
But we will, if they give us authenticated reviews,
and we can see them online, for example, pictures and so on,
we can ask if we can use them and put them into the platform ourselves.
Again, documents, this is not, this is the wrong name,
but you know what I mean.
And again, we should be able to delete them if we want to,
there should be, to be honest,
I don't think we should delete any data.
Even if a provider wants to delete, what we should do is archive them.
This is medical data at the end of the day,
and we have, in most cases, in most countries,
we have legal responsibility
to keep the data for at least seven years.
So it's important that we, you know, we can delete them,
but they're just archived somewhere.
These are the add profile screens.
Again, this is doesn't really work, you know, add a review.
You know, you need to be able to add a picture for the patient,
and we need to be able to add, you know, multiple reviews,
not just one and so on and so on.
So this, in my opinion, is not relevant.
I have done a task to change some of this
already on our project manager, which we can go through later.
This whole section, I've gone through different amendments
and changes to make it look better.
So hopefully, but this is just a simple way to,
you know, simple explanation to use in terms of adding provider.
Again, they've got the names wrong, it's not affiliate.
This is for the affiliate program.
But they should be able to select, you know,
whether they're being paid weekly, two times a month, monthly.
And, you know, if it's an amount or percentage that they're being paid.
And again, this is for affiliates.
So again, the screens have been mixed up a little bit here.
But hopefully, that's not too confusing.
And then add new staff.
And then they'll be able to see their list of,
we will be able to see the list of reviews and so on.
Okay, so that's that.
Now moving on to patients.
So again, we'll be able to see patients.
This is not the overview of patients.
This is the full list of patients.
To be honest, with the overview,
we need to be a little bit careful here.
We probably need overview of patients that are active.
So people have been quoted, for example, people that I know
we have the filters, but just so it's not a list of everything.
The idea is that with the overview,
you'll be able to quickly go through patients
that might need follow up patients that,
you know, are in progress that we might want to check on, and so on.
But this is the list of all the patients.
I know, simply enough, hopefully.
And then there's aftercare overview.
So this is the aftercare screen.
So with this one, again, you know, the name of the patients,
where they've had the procedure, which stage they're in,
what was the clinician that's, you know,
the lead clinician that's taking care of their aftercare.
And, you know, what status they're in,
and, you know, quick insight in terms of how,
you know, their progress, for example,
whether compliance, if they're in pain or not,
and if there's any red flags.
And then this is also just messages.
So this is the message if they are communicating in aftercare,
in their aftercare in the app platform through aftercare,
if they're seeking support, basically,
this will show notifications here.
So this is their progress, as mentioned, you know, pain level.
And then you can, you know, edit their plans,
schedule a consultation, activate aftercare, I guess, here.
And this is the screen for aftercare.
Once you've clicked on them, this will give them, you know,
so this communication log of everything
has been written between us.
You know, we can write a note to them.
This is their assigned clinician.
This is what we've called it.
And we can upload, you know, information and so on.
So that's the aftercare.
Aftercare support is the chat between them and us.
But we can also chat with their clinician to say,
you know, I'm concerned about this.
This person, you know, hasn't stopped bleeding
since the procedure has been seven days, or whatever.
We can view their last head scan.
But also, where is this?
So I think part of this is we should, we need to be able to,
I don't know where this is, maybe it's in a separate window.
I'm not sure now. But in here, we should be able to,
so once we're chatting with the physician,
and they confirm that, okay, let me have a video chat with them,
we need to be able to give them like, very easily send,
you know, the consultant has,
your clinician has requested a review, a video review.
Can you please select one of the following days,
you know, like, so look at their diary
and select one of the days or a time that they can do it.
Number one, and so like, just basically schedule an appointment.
And number two, also, they might say,
we need a recent 3D scan. So can you please do a 3D scan,
you know, so prompt them to do it,
you know, the day before or on the day,
for example, that kind of stuff, you know.
So that's that.
Travel, we haven't done any windows for yet.
But the travel is the hotel booking, the flight booking,
and so on and so on.
Again, this is, we will do this post release.
So it's not going to be, it's not necessarily going to be now.
Provider billing, this is obviously quite an important section.
So this is, you know, the appendix.
So this is like, if it's worked out, for example,
that we pay you every week.
And it's, you know, the day that we make payments,
we can see straight away who needs paying and so on.
So we'll be able to click on it and confirm the amount
and how we're paying them confirm.
And it will then give them a notification
that they've been, you know, they've been paid.
You can add a note if you want.
To be honest, add note should just be here to be honest,
instead of saving, you know, saving us this double window.
No, so the add note is for us, so we can add a note,
it's not for them.
So the add note is, you know, let's say, you know,
whatever, you know, payment, not through this bank,
but this bank, because of, you know,
delay in payments previously, for example, you know.
So that's the provider payment thing.
Then there is the patient billing.
So this is basically us, you know,
we'll be able to see the invoice numbers,
the amount due, if it's pending, if it's been paid.
We should be able to make payments
if we want to send reminders, you know,
download invoice, that kind of stuff.
And then, again, just general information on payments.
These are just buttons, I guess, but that's just the general idea.
Billing information, breakdown,
this needs to be probably a little bit better.
Like I said before, the discounts and so on doesn't,
it's not shown well here,
but we need to be able to do that properly.
There is a second part to this, which I will explain a little bit.
So with payments, actually, it's better to explain it now.
And I think on the patient app,
there was a bit that says, you know, interest-free payments.
So the way we've designed it is we want to be able to offer,
you know, a breakdown of payments.
So if, let's say the treatment costs £1,000, let's say,
and they're booked in to come in in six months' time.
So what we want to do is offer them from the moment of the quote
until the month before, until 30 days before, whichever,
how many, you know, like in this case, let's say it's five months,
we want to be able to offer them a maximum of five months,
a payment plan of five months.
So that will be £1,000 divided by five, so £200 a month.
And it'll prompt them, it'll, you know, I'll take it from their card,
or, you know, whatever they've done,
they'll take it from them, you know,
five times over the course of the five months, for example.
If the treatment is in four months,
so we will then offer them, you know,
the full amount divided by three, for example.
They can choose, they can choose, for example, three months,
they can, so it's split pay, basically, it's split pay.
So they don't have to choose the maximum.
So the maximum will be five months, but they can choose to,
for example, do a split pay of three months,
you know, four months or whatever it is, for example.
So this is part of the reason why there might be multiple invoices.
And in here, when you see amount paid,
but outstanding balance is this, for example.
So they've paid this much so far,
but there's still an outstanding balance of that, for example.
Just so that's clear.
Promotion we spoke about before, this is the overall promotion.
And in promotion itself, we should have this,
but then underneath straightaway should be all promotions
instead of it being a separate screen.
So currently, it's a little confusing,
even I was confused when I was looking at this recently.
So it has the, you know, the data. That's it. Okay.
So that has actually, to be honest, it's not terrible,
but it's just all promotion,
you have to click on it for it to apply.
And these are actually, so just leave it as is, I think it's fine.
So this is all promotions.
This is, again, what we discussed before.
You know, all the discounts, this is hairline, this is both.
And this is, you know, both fees, hairline only.
So I think, again, it might be a bit confusing.
I think, again, it might be a bit confusing.
So I don't think so.
For example, if we have 100 providers,
and they all have like five or six different discount types,
it's going to be really difficult to see all of those here.
And in reality, it's not irrelevant to us,
we're never going to pick them or change them or amend them in reality.
So for us, we probably don't need to see those.
However, this part is, you know, hairline fees only and both fees.
These are the, when we saw earlier, it said special fees.
This is the one where it asks permission for them to take,
you know, to ask us the permissions for them
to accept the, you know, this discount code.
So this will be in both.
And hairline is where it's just our one that we decide to,
you know, if we want to do something
that will only come out of our percentage, for example.
And this is all of them.
Okay, so that's that. Going through the screens again.
So this is just how to add it.
So in this case, it will be relevant,
you know, hairline fees only or both fees.
Well, before it didn't make sense for us to do that for the provider.
Again, as I mentioned, so this is the basically use the same window
for both of them, which they should be different.
But again, here, you can see that, you know, design wise,
it just doesn't look as nice, to be honest.
But, you know, here we go.
Again, here, there should be more options, you know,
is the discount automatically applied
or is it through a valid code only?
And that's in that case, it will pop up the window
for discount code, for example.
And then you add, you know, you write a special discount.
Winter 2025 or whatever it is, for example.
And then it doesn't have a maximum use or, you know,
so is it only that, you know, the first 200 people to,
you know, to put this in or whatever, basically.
Yeah, so these are the discounts.
And this is if it's, you know, our fees only.
Applied discounts screen.
So this is what's, you know, people have used the discounts.
And again, just more information on the discounts.
And this is completed discounts.
So this is people that have applied it.
This is, I don't know, what's the difference?
I don't remember now.
Applied discount.
I don't remember the difference between applied and complete.
There was a purpose to this.
One, I think, was when they put it into the checkout.
And one when they've actually completed the checkout.
This is quite relevant for affiliate
because the affiliate system works on this.
So we'll come back to that.
But there is a reason for it.
I just don't remember it, to be honest.
Again, this is, if you click on it, you'll have more information.
So this is affiliate management.
So this is the, the affiliates have their own login screen.
So this is affiliates, very, very small, to be honest.
So just log in, they can see the data.
And they, we use, as I said, the discount codes.
So they can create their own discount codes.
Actually, they can't.
I think we create the discount codes for them.
But we have a conversation with them.
So we, you know, we say, we will give you, you know, for your users,
we will offer them 10% discount.
And we will give you 10%, you know, incentive, so a payout.
So in essence, we will, we will, it will take 20% from us.
But we will give them, you know, that 20%.
So, you know, if that makes sense.
It won't be 20%. I think 20% is quite high, to be honest.
But just that's the general idea of it.
It will most likely be a set amount.
So 50 pounds, 200 pounds, whatever it is, for example.
And so again, these are the discount codes.
And, and so on.
So this, this will be able to see upcoming payments
and previous payments,
and they'll be able to see that these have been applied.
And so on and so on. That's the affiliate program.
But just going back to this is us looking, you know,
seeing the affiliate, you know, what's been,
how much has been applied in terms of discounts,
and we can add a new affiliate.
But also, we should be able to see the full details
of the affiliates here, as well as, you know,
these are the affiliate similar here, you know,
like, similar to what we're doing with the.
Yeah, so with affiliate, I think it might be a bit different screen.
So we're probably going to be paying them monthly,
not weekly.
And so we'll only have the monthly option.
And then, and then we just need to create discount codes for them,
if that makes sense.
Then there's the, this is what I was looking for.
So then there's affiliate billing.
So this is where we, you know, again, we can see up to date.
So if we pay them once a month, for example,
on the seventh of every month, you know, for the,
for anything from the first to the, you know,
to the last day of the month,
we pay everything on the seventh of the following month.
So by the end of the month, you know, 30 days of 31 days have passed,
we, these will be generated that, you know, this affiliate,
you know, we owe them this much, we owe them this much, and so on.
And then we have to pay them as we pay them.
These should, they should really move from here to paid,
just so it's not confusing. I don't see a way to do that.
And I think that was similar to the billing section for providers.
Again, yeah, so this should be, it should really be split into two.
So once this is paid, it should be, you know, a paid section,
not, they shouldn't be on one list like this, if that makes sense.
I hope that's easy to understand.
But okay, so that's the affiliate payments.
I believe yes, management. So that's done.
Okay, so let's move on now to this is the analytics section.
So this is, we can speak about this more in detail.
But you know, this is again, just data that we will take from,
you know, financial provider, you know, response time,
la la la, treatment outcomes,
these are all stuff that we will want to implement once,
you know, this will be, I guess,
one of the last things we start implementing.
But, you know, pending patients, outstanding invoices,
you know, this is all, you know, financial view,
this is conversion rate data.
So, you know, revenue over time. So how many of these convert?
And, you know, all of these lovely information support center.
So this, okay, so this is not the aftercare support.
This is the support center.
This is when a patient is sending messages from India,
saying, I don't understand this, this is not working for me,
you know, that kind of support.
And so this is the, you know, the chat with them,
as well as the chat with the clinic.
So here, there's two sections to this, really.
So this, yeah, so this two parts, this is the support center.
There needs to be a second part to this,
where we can then also see all the provider
to patient communication as well.
So we need to be able to see all the data
that's been shared between provider to patient.
That's, I don't think is in these screens,
but and maybe that will be in a separate section altogether.
And maybe we call it, we call it something else.
But that's, it'll be something similar to this.
So we'll be able to keep an eye on any information
that we, you know, and we might be able to,
again, it doesn't necessarily need to be straight away,
but we probably will have, you know, keywords that will flag.
So it'll just, it'll flash, you know, red for us
if there is, you know, a keyword that's been highlighted,
just, you know, so in the message itself,
if it says something that's, you know,
you know, contact me through my email directly,
or whatever, something like that, it might flag it.
But either way, that's the support section.
And then there's the setting section.
So this part is quite intense, to be honest.
And so what I'll do is I will end this video here,
and I will start the next video with the setting sections.
Again, any questions, any worries?
Just let me know, and I'll come back to you.
Thank you.
