Hello and welcome.
So this is part two of the Hairline admin platform.
So we've got to the general settings section.
So I think overall,
mostly it's not implemented to be honest here, generally speaking.
I think as far as I understand,
a lot of the APIs were done and so on,
but visually it's not working.
So I'll go through this relatively quickly
because I think we probably have to talk more about this over time.
But the general idea here is that we want to be able to control
everything through the app or the provider sees,
or all of the stuff through the settings section.
So we want to be able to update terms and conditions,
consent, all of these different resources.
And then from there, we want those screens to be populated
in certain areas in different platforms and so on.
These are kind of important for us.
The set process time for treatment,
I hope we have some screens for it.
We might not, but we do not.
Okay, we do not.
Okay, the idea here of this one is quite important.
So this was, I think I mentioned before,
that we have to have a cutoff time between like quotes.
And you know, and where they, you know, so for example,
if they've got a quote,
they might have only 48 hours to respond or whatever it is.
It might be four days to respond.
We need to put in a number of hours or days
or whatever they have to accept or decline it
or whatever it is, for example.
So that's important.
And so this section will have that,
whether it's, you know, when they're in an inquiry phase
or whether they have accepted,
but they haven't paid, for example,
you know, that kind of stuff.
So this is for that.
Add resources for patient.
This is, I think, mostly irrelevant
because we have other sections that kind of fulfill this.
Add resource for provider was,
if you remember the provider section had,
you know, a help desk, you know,
like frequently asked questions, la, la, la, la.
So I believe this is where, you know,
here we'll populate there.
Obviously having just a drag, you know,
dragging a file into this area for patients
or for providers won't really do much.
We need, it needs to be more specific than this.
And I'll explain hopefully a bit more.
Then there's this, this is the hairline app settings.
So with this, it's managed media.
This is like the first one,
like the splash page when they log in,
we want to be able to change logo.
We want to be able to like have a video,
for example, dynamic video when they're logging in,
that kind of stuff.
So landing page, logging page, service page,
whatever it is, these are the service pages,
you know, like the four sections,
the, you know, request a hair transplant,
monitor hair loss, you know, all of these different things.
So that's, you know, these sections.
So, so that, so, so that's that.
Those are, those images basically.
But again, as I said, logo,
all this stuff should also be included here.
This is the managed discovery part.
So this is the questions on the,
this, you know, so like, how did you find us?
You know, so we'll be able to add, you know,
different ones to here if we want to add a new one,
or if we want to be able to move them up and down,
so they show up first or last.
And again, these are screens of how to add them and so on.
Location, location presentation by country.
So this is why I said earlier,
so if you add a location,
hopefully these screens might make it a little bit easier.
So let's say, you know,
here I can add whatever I want.
So let's say I add the name, you know,
so let's say for this case, I want to do all of Europe.
So I'll write Europe, I'll select the countries,
and then add that.
And then from there, I can say that,
you know, for these countries,
the locations that they started.
So the first location that it gives you is Turkey.
Second one is Poland's, third one is UK,
whatever it is, for example.
And you can do this as much as you want.
So you can say, I want this only for Germany.
So you can have as many as you want.
So Germany only, UK only, you know, Eastern Europe,
and maybe they all have the same thing for, you know,
and so on.
And this is the add location price, like I said.
So Turkey, you would add a price,
depending on currency again,
because depending on the currency of,
the location of the patient,
they will be provided, you know,
the pricing in their currency, for example.
But if their location does not preset,
then we have a fallback price for that region
that we should have already pre-done here.
But again, so we can add like Turkey,
we can add different currencies that we support.
And add the currency.
And this will be the starting price, you know,
that's given to a patient when they log in.
So yeah, so that again, the naming is incorrect,
but it's not affiliate pay,
but this would be, for example, Turkey, you know.
So this will be the starting price for Turkey.
So that's the hairline app settings generally.
I believe that's mostly it from there.
There might be a few other things,
but for now that's the simple stuff, the basic stuff.
So this is the billing settings.
So this is, you know,
I'll go through all of this now.
So Stripe accounts, this is quite important
because we're going to be managing a few different countries
and we might have different Stripe account
depending on different country
or different company and so on.
So we want to be able to add Stripe accounts,
you know, and some of them will be, you know,
for example, you know,
only used for patient location here
and so on and so on,
all different currencies and so on and so on.
So we need to be able to add the new account.
And then from there, this here doesn't have it,
but here we need to be able to select
which countries or group of countries
this Stripe covers, basically.
I don't think this is set up that way at the moment.
And then from there, yeah, it's not set up that way.
We also have a conversion rate.
So I believe this was the,
so we haven't done any screens for split pay,
but split pay, I've explained hopefully a bit earlier
that hopefully it makes sense.
So that we just need to be able to,
I think what we would do is just provide, you know,
split pay in two, in three, in four, in five, in six,
for example, all the way up to,
I would say nine, for example,
and then have, you know, like a cutoff date.
So, you know,
full payment needs to be completed before 30 days.
For example, the cutoff date for me would be 30 days.
And so the system will automatically work out
how many it can offer between now
until the day of them arriving,
and then make sure that the payments are done in full
30 days before,
and then they'll be able to offer
one of the split payments options,
whether two or three,
or it can offer them multiple,
but they can pick, you know,
maybe one of three or something like that.
So that's that.
Conversion rate is, this is a difficult one.
So I'll try to explain it in a second.
So basically here we have, this is really important.
So basically clinics, depending where we are,
we're going to be working in lots of places worldwide.
We need to be able to have the best conversion rates for us
because we're offering prices,
usually for most of our clients,
they're going to be at their local rate.
So let's say I'm in the UK, I'm paying in pounds,
but the clinic actually charges in Euro,
or they charge in dollars or whatever that is.
So we will have an automatic,
we should have an API to automatically
figure out the conversion rate.
However, based on that,
we need to have like, basically we can do it different ways,
but either the conversion rate will tell us,
you know, like it's moved, you know, over our range,
or we set our own conversion.
And I think in some cases
where the currency doesn't fluctuate that much,
we can just have it as an automated one
and then have the option of adding an extra,
like 5% extra, for example, just to cover any,
because basically when you're doing,
when you're getting conversion rates data
from things like xe.com or any of these platforms,
they will give you the best conversion rate
or the current conversion rate.
But when you actually use a bank
or when we actually make payments and so on,
we will never get that conversion rate
because the banks make money on those conversion rates.
So we need to be able to set a figure
on top of the conversion rate.
So for example, 5% or whatever it is, we have to work it out.
But here is where we'd be able to edit it.
In case, for example, there's a very, very quick,
or, you know, rapid fluctuation
between, you know, the clinic default currency
and the currency that we are charging
or the users charging,
we need to be able to set, you know,
so increase it by 10% or whatever it is.
So that's something that we need to implement,
which is quite important.
Commission is, I don't know if this is relevant here,
realistically speaking,
but the idea here is that we can't,
we want to be able to reset everyone's commission
to a percentage, for example,
you know, at a press of a button.
I don't think we will ever do that, to be honest.
I think that it won't work in our favor, to be honest.
So this is a question mark in terms of
if it's ever going to actually make it here, to be honest,
but this was an idea at some point.
Treatment settings.
So this is where we add new treatments.
We've spoken about this before.
So we need to be able to add the name, descriptions,
add images and videos, as I said before.
The create packages bit is really separate.
Like I said before,
it shouldn't really be part of the treatment.
The create packages should be separate.
So as I mentioned before,
I want each clinic to be able to provide
a baseline of their treatment.
So this is the baseline of treatment.
And then from there, it needs to be more of like an add-on.
So the add-on would be, the base package would be,
you know, let's say 1,500.
And then they will have an add-on for,
which would be their packages, which would be hotels.
They'll be able to pick, you know, four stars, five stars,
all of these different things.
So that's realistically speaking from the patient's end,
not from the admin side,
but we should be able to edit these if we want to, basically.
I hope that makes sense.
I'm sure we will, this is quite an important point.
So we will, I'm sure, discuss this in detail
in further meetings and so on.
Aftercare settings.
So this is, again, it's an interesting part,
but so in this case, aftercare,
we provide as a separate service, as I mentioned.
So it will be an add-on to the treatment.
And so we, this is where we add the price for it.
So, you know, whatever,
these are screens, I guess, for add currency,
add payment option.
So, yeah, so I guess the idea here is that we,
once when we're offering the healthcare,
we want to offer it in different prices.
So here we're adding different currencies to it.
So, you know, so in US dollars, it costs this much,
in pounds, it costs this much and so on.
And then we can also do as a monthly subscription.
So let's say aftercare is for six months or for eight months,
we can do it as a monthly fee, for example,
instead of a fixed amount.
I think overall it'll be, it's gonna be a fixed amount,
but we could have the option of a monthly subscription
or we can offer it to the patient,
which, you know, which way they prefer also.
If both options have been selected.
So then this is the creation of milestones.
Like I mentioned before, we create the milestones.
You know, this would be, you know, the title description,
the start and end date will be,
in reality, how long it's for,
it's not really a start and end date.
So let's say the post operation phase, for example,
might be seven days.
So here we need to select seven days
instead of start and end date.
Activity checklist, I'll explain that in a second,
but again, I'm not sure about payment types
and all this stuff.
So this is basically stuff that we would add
to each milestone.
So,
so this is the head scan part.
So for each milestone, we ask them to do a 3D scan.
So, you know, once every five days,
you know, repeat three times, you know,
every five days, for example,
and that would finish the milestone once every week,
month, or whatever it is, for example.
So this will be part of the creation of the milestone.
I don't remember necessarily this area, to be honest,
because it's confusing,
because they've obviously just added it,
but didn't amend it, but you know, add currency.
So this is the head scan schedule.
This is what opened up here.
Activity checklist.
I don't remember this.
Again, some of the stuff is not necessarily correct,
I guess.
But anyway, so then you add a questionnaire.
So the questionnaire is, you know,
so some milestones will,
so some of this information will be like, for example,
does it require a questionnaire, for example,
and then you add which questionnaire is for each milestone.
So the questionnaire is, again, you know,
pain questionnaire, sleep questionnaire,
you know, different things that we will add.
But the idea is that we will be able to,
there's, you know, different types of questions,
and it will ask it daily, it'll ask it, you know,
every week, whatever it is,
we will add these, you know,
these questionnaires to each milestone.
And obviously once it saves the milestone,
it saves it, it's just,
we can amend these at different times.
And then going back to here.
So yeah, so add questionnaire.
So this will be question one, you know,
it's a visual scale question.
There's, you know, five options, it's daily and so on.
So it just breaks it down.
Then you can add another question and so on and so on.
So this will be, this is how it'll look like,
you know, different questions.
And, you know, you can delete them, change them,
add new questions and so on.
This is for each milestone.
Resources, this is the bit that I was saying before.
Again, for each, it should really be within each milestone.
The milestone should be linked to the resources.
So once they've had the operation, for example,
they'll have a breakdown, like a video of what you should do
and, you know, best practice, that kind of stuff.
And for each milestone, there'll be resources.
So we just need to build these resources
as part of the milestone.
So when they're in aftercare, you know,
they'll be able to see these different resources
for each milestone, basically.
So that's the general idea of these aftercare settings.
These are the travel settings.
Again, I don't believe.
So just the idea was that we would use our API
or APIs to connect flights to the app.
And then we might, initially we want to do it free of,
like, you know, no extra charge for us, for them,
so they can get the best flights possible.
But in the future,
we might want to add a bit of a commission to that.
So we might add, you know,
you know, 5% extra, whatever it is, you know,
for these flights.
Same as the hotel, same as the...
Transportation is a little different
because it's not necessarily through an API,
but both flight and hotels, you know,
there are API or companies that offer, you know,
booking through their APIs and stuff.
But hotel bookings, again, we can add it, you know,
like a percentage extra, you know, per, you know,
not discount, but, you know,
percentage extra per country, for example.
Transportation, this doesn't really apply for,
but again, it is important for hotels
as well as flights and everything.
This is actually for, to enable it.
So enable, so if a patient's in the US,
then they, you know, they will,
we will take 10% extra, for example,
on their booking for hotels or for flights.
This will be the same for flights, for example.
And we want, you know, we want to enable it,
for example, it's enabled.
So if they're booking from the US,
the hotel screen will pop up once they're,
once they're confirmed they're booking,
we can offer them the hotels, for example,
or we can do it through the booking itself or whatever.
This is something that we need to figure out later on.
Transportation is different.
So transportation won't work this way.
We can, we still need to activate it,
but it won't be a percentage
because we will most likely have to physically
offer the service or find a partner
to offer the service for us.
But we will need to enable it country by country.
Hope that makes sense.
Notifications alert, again, this is quite important,
but you know, this needs a lot of work from us
to figure out what needs,
what needs reporting or not,
you know, for, you know, for patients, for example,
are they getting notifications?
They'll get notifications if a new quote comes in,
you know, that kind of stuff.
Messages, la, la, la, la, la.
Yeah, quote notification, start treatment schedule,
aftercare review, la, la, la, la.
Travel provider.
Again, this shouldn't be called travel settings.
Confusing, it's notification, but,
but again, same idea.
At what point do they get notifications?
Okay, and I'm sure the list,
this will be a lot longer, to be honest, in reality.
Email template.
So this is a lot,
but basically we need to be able to edit the templates
of sign up emails, you know, like patient signed up,
patient getting the confirmation code for, you know,
to double check that the email is correct.
Emails to confirm, you know, a booking
or confirm treatment, emails to confirm payments,
emails to confirm a new provider,
that, you know, their detail and so on.
You know, all of these different emails,
we need to be able to, be able to create,
you know, I guess create a template doesn't necessarily work,
but, you know, we need to have all of those presets done
and then be able to edit the wording,
where the logo goes, all of these different things.
So hopefully that's clear enough.
And then this is what I was saying to you before
about user permissions.
We need to be able to have user permission for us,
but also the provider needs to have that as well.
So the idea is, you know, admin to, you know,
like all of this stuff, they will have different functions.
There'll also be users, for example, for aftercare.
So there'll be people that don't do anything
except aftercare, there'll be nurses or whatever.
So all they have is they'll have the, you know,
the overview of aftercare, they'll have the support,
they'll have their own settings to change their profile
and add pictures and all that stuff.
So that will be a separate category, for example.
Add roles and be able to manage
the different permissions and so on.
Again, it needs to be a little bit more complicated
than this, but anyway.
Profile dropdown, we've seen this before in the last one,
and then the profile settings similar to what we had
in the other section.
So that's the provider, sorry, the admin section.
Again, I'm sure we will be going through all of this
in detail over time,
but there's a lot of things that are not connected,
things that are not working.
Some of these are just demos,
but I'm sure we'll be going through all of this over time
and making sure that we get it
as close to this end version as possible.
And I'm sure there'll be different things that we will add
and play around with over time.
So hopefully this has been useful.
Again, if you need me to do other videos
or break down other sections,
or if you have thoughts or ideas, just let me know.
And I'll be more than happy to do that.
As I said before, there will be sections
that we'll need to dive in a little bit more
and think about how it works as a whole,
because it might not work very well
with the way it was envisioned initially.
There'll be things that we can do easier now.
Things have come a long way
since we started working on this.
So just anything that you have thoughts or ideas on,
I'm always more than happy to hear it.
Please do reach out.
Best of luck.
And thank you for going through all of these videos.
I do hope it's been helpful.
All the best.
Take care.
