So, unfortunately, there is a time limit on recording, and unfortunately, it got cut off
before I finished last time.
So there was only one set of screens left, really, which is the support screens.
And it's just the communication, basically, windows.
This is mostly for between patient and providers, if they've got questions about procedure and
so on and so on.
And this is, you know, before and after.
So if they, for example, have questions about the length of the procedure, or they're not
sure about the booking, or whatever, and then afterwards, they can, after they've booked
and paid, they can, you know, might have more specific questions.
So this is for that.
And then this is for the aftercare support.
This is, you know, our chat once they, if they've got, you know, a few questions about
how their transplant's going, our chat.
So our team will be able to, they'll have a few different things, preset things, so
they can request a 3D hair scan, for example, they can request it, they can request a live
video chat, for example, through the referring consultant or whatever, there's a few set
procedures, basically.
So that's, that's that, really, that's the end of the app.
The only other thing that's not really on the screens, as I think I mentioned prior,
is that we wanted a sort of interactive, we wanted the results of the 3D scans to be
fairly interactive.
So a person can kind of scroll through a timeline of like months and years or dates, and see
their, you know, different, you know, different hair transplants, basically, or not hair transplants,
sorry, but like their hair and how it's progressed.
If they're monitoring it, because it's getting worse, if they have hair loss, they'll be
able to see that.
If they've had a hair transplant, they want to see the results or monitor the results
that they'll be able to see that.
So what I'm going to do is just, I'm going to go over to this website, which is kind
of was a reference for this.
So a cool little app, this is more for skin.
So they have a 3D scan of the skin and they, you know, they highlight blemishes and different
things and then recommend products based on that.
So our, I would like our 3D scan to be similar to this, basically, it's a little bit more
difficult with hair, for the beard it's relatively easy, but for the hair, because you're not
able to see, it's actually easier if someone else does it for you.
And so that will be part of the instructions.
If you're able to get someone else to do it, you know, that will be preferable, but otherwise,
you know, using a mirror, for example, and so on, you know, for them to be able to go
through it several times until we've marked all the spots and so on.
The interactive tracker for the hair, I wanted it to be something along the lines of this.
So they'll be able to move along and click on their, on, you know, like a 3D composite
of what they look like.
And they'll be able to see, they'll be able to go around and see where, you know, hair
has gotten better or gotten worse and so on.
And that's it really, was there anything else that I'll specifically announce?
So that's it from that point of view.
The other thing here also just, it's a little, you know, it doesn't matter too much, but
here part of, you know, if we're monitoring hair loss, for example, and even if they're
getting a hair transplant, and especially for aftercare, we will have, you know, a separate,
this again, this might not be something that we launch with, but this is something important
that we need to address.
We do need to give them advice.
We do need to give them, you know, things that they can do, things that they can start
with even before they consider, you know, hair transplant and so on.
So these will be separate, like guides, for example, different things that they can try.
If they just want to speak to a consultant, for example, and, you know, give them, you
know, peace of mind or ideas, they can do that through the app and so on.
So these are all ideas that we have for the progression of this app.
I'm going to leave it here.
Hopefully that was helpful.
And if you've got any questions, again, feel free to reach out at any time.
And I will then move on now to the provider section, hopefully.
All the best.
Bye.
