Hello and welcome. My name is Mohamed. I'm happy to be introducing you to the Hairline
platform. This video is going to just be an overview of the product, all the different
elements that we are currently developing. And from there, I will break down the platform
in a little bit more detail. Just to give you a little bit of idea of the platform.
So the idea here is that we're creating hopefully a revolutionary product that will make it
quite easy for patients to look for hair transplant procedures worldwide. Currently, if someone's
looking to get a hair transplant, they will be contacting separate clinics. They will
be sending them pictures and videos and having consultations, whether by phone or by video.
And then often they will travel to these clinics, whether it's in their local countries or in
other countries to save on costs. And then once they've had this procedure, they go back
and often they have questions and worries and things might go wrong. So we're trying
to unify that pathway to make things a little bit easier for the patients. So really it
starts off with an app, which is the Hairline app. The patients will log in, they will put
their details in, they will then be prompted to take pictures and videos, or in reality
it'll be a 3D scan of the head using the phone. Once they've added all their health information
and so on, that will then be sent over to the clinics that are in our network. So within
the app itself, you can, let's say, you know, the patient is in the UK, London, they will
be able to click, you know, they're interested in Turkey, they're interested in the UK, they're
interested in Poland, you know, whichever is on the list. That will, you know, the information
will then be sent to our partners, these clinics, which are called providers. The providers
will then be able to see all the details, estimate the cost and provide a quote. And
once that happens, the patient will get, you know, different quotes from different
providers and they'll be able to pick the best one that suits them. Within the platform
itself, we plan to have also a travel or logistics option. So patients can, once the procedures
are confirmed, they can book flights, they can check on flights prices and book directly
from the app. They will be able to see the transport after they've landed that, you know,
that there's someone's going to be picking them up, back and form hotel, also within
that, sorry, so it's flights as well as hotels. There are several options. So the clinics
might be, part of their package might include travel costs or it might include, most of
the time it includes hotel, but we will also give them the chance to book that within the
app as part of, you know, as part of their package. And then they will go and have their
procedure there, you know, while they're doing the procedure, the patient, the provider will,
you know, will be able to write notes about the procedure. They'll be able to do 3D scans
of the procedure before and after. They'll be able to write up advice, prescribe medication
and so on. Once the patient is done and has traveled back, they will have this aftercare
module. So this aftercare part is an extra feature that we added or are adding. And the
idea here is they will get notifications, you know, to apply the, you know, the shampoos
or creams. They will get chat support or even video support if they need with our team
of aftercare specialists. If the clinic also provides aftercare specialists, they can do
it through our systems directly and so on. So that's the general idea of Hairline overall.
I have, I think I've mentioned most of this here. Yeah, so we verify the clinics, we have,
you know, pricing agreements with them and so on. We've spoken about the aftercare and the logistics
parts of the booking flights and hotels directly from the app. Transport initially will mostly be
done through the clinics, but we will ultimately in the end have our own transports in these
different locations. So we'll be picking up the patients directly and take him to hotel,
take him to the clinic and so on and so on. This is, you know, further down the line, but
the platform should, you know, the patient will be able to see once they've landed that, you know,
so-and-so is picking them up, you know, for example, you know, number plate or whatever
it is for the car, maybe a picture of the driver, that kind of stuff, so they can easily locate them.
And likewise, for the drivers, they can, you know, they'll have their own login and they'll
see who they're picking up and so on. So they might be picking up three or four different people
from, you know, a range of flights between, you know, one or two hours, for example, and so on.
So that's the hairline solution. Generally,
so just again, just breaking it down a little bit, we have the app for the patient,
and then we have three separate platforms, which is the provider. Provider is the,
as mentioned before, the clinics or the hospitals performing the procedures.
We have a affiliate platform, which the idea is, again, if we will work with some influencers or
something along those lines, where they will promote our product, and we will give them
commission based on who they refer. And then we have the hairline admin app or platform.
And that's just an overview of everything that goes on. So we should be able to see
the billing, you know, which patients are booked with which provider, which stage of the treatment
they're on, if we need to make amendments and so on. It's all through that, through that platform,
as well as obviously billing, you know, for the provider, how much are we paying them every
week, month, and so on, registering new providers, and so on, and so on. And these are the travel
and aftercare modules, which are really within the admin panel. But, you know, obviously,
they have different function within the app and the provider platform as well. So that's just a
quick overview of hairline. I hope it's been helpful. I will be making more videos on this
I hope it's been helpful. I will be making more videos going through the
app, the provider platform, as well as the admin portal as well.
If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me directly at any time.
And I hope to be talking, and I'm sure we'll be
going through this in more details shortly. All the best.
