Hi there, my name is Mohammed. I'm going to be going through the mobile app for Hairline.
Now I don't have a working app, unfortunately, on the computer. So what I will be going through
is the designs and just going through the idea of how it's meant to work. So, you know,
when you load up, it'll load up, you know, the splash screen, and go through the landing
page. And, you know, you'll click on Get Started, or if you have an account, you'll be prompted
to the login page. So this is the login page, fairly standard, email, password. And then
we go through some of these screens for authentication and reset password. For signup,
again, nothing too complicated, name, email, confirmation of email.
All fairly easy, hopefully. Once you've confirmed the email, it'll ask you
date of birth, gender, phone number, location. And then, you know, how they've discovered us,
they'll go through a list of different things. This is amendable from the Hairline app,
the admin app. And that's it from that point of view for the signup. Once they've logged into
the app, they'll have a, you know, the screen of themselves, I would like them to be able to
add their own picture here. But then they'll get started with, you know, what, you know,
what's your problem. So this, a lot of this language will be changed, this is just kind of a
rough idea. But they'll be able to click on a Get Start button, and then they'll land on
this screen or screen like this. So we have four different
parts of the app, really. The Get transplant is really the only one that we've worked on.
The rest, I will explain briefly now. So monitor hair loss, for this, they will,
they will be presented with, you know, a lot of the screens that you'll see,
you know, soon for get a hair transplant. But the idea here is, they'll be able to do a 3D scan
of the head. And they'll be able to monitor it. So they can do weekly scans, monthly scans,
whatever they like, they can set a notification to remind them every two weeks or whatever the
optimal time is. And I want that to be relatively interactive, I do have a sample of what that
should look like. But the idea is that they'll be able to see like a,
like a, not a chart, but like a draggable date or timeline. And once they go through,
they'll be able to see a picture of themselves. And because it will be in a composite 3D image,
so they'll be able to see if the hair is getting less or more and so on. So that's,
so that's this one. This is very similar to this, monitor your transplant progress. This,
this is for people that haven't gone through the app, that just had a transplant, but you know,
they discovered, you know, the app, for example, a bit later, they can do the same thing,
they can monitor their progress and see objectively if, you know, if things are going
good or not. Within that, we can then offer them this after, you know, after care for your
transplant. So aftercare is, you know, will be a team based, you know, through our company
of nurses and physicians, and they will be, they'll be able to chat to them, they'll be
able to send the pictures, 3D scans, they'll be able to get advice, they'll be able to get
prescriptions and so on and so on. So that's the four parts of the app. We will go through the
hairline transplant part now. So once, you know, once they've clicked it, they'll, they'll say,
you know, your, your, you know, your transplant is incomplete, you know, because they haven't
yet. So, you know, continue with your request, with your request. I guess,
uncomplete here could be in red, just to clarify that it's not, it's not, it's still pending.
But once they've started the, the, the, the, the request, or, you know, they're looking for a
quote here. So they'll, you know, this will be the start, you know, choose your destination.
I think I mentioned that in the overview, they'll be able to, you know, they'll get a list of,
countries that we, that we work with, and we will have a, a starting from, again, this will be,
we can add these prices manually from the, from the admin section, the admin platform. But the
idea is just to get, give them a rough idea of how much it will cost in each, in each country.
Now, this, this list will, will vary depending on the location of the patient.
And this is also amendable from the admin section. So, for UK, they will get, you know,
for example, Turkey first, UK next, they might get Poland, they might get, it just depends on,
we will be working that out depending on what's the most, you know, what's the most common
destinations and so on. So once they've clicked that, they will, this will be the, you know,
the confirmation screen for countries. They will need to move on to the next part, which is,
you know, which, what, what do they want? A transplanted hair, beard, or both?
They will select, for example, hair and move on to there. So now you get a,
a relatively detailed
information on, you know, on their hair concern.
This is the way we've done it at the moment. I, I appreciate that it might,
some of this might be a little bit too much and maybe we will change,
change how we do this, because ultimately we want this to be as easy as possible for the patient.
And so maybe we will do the scan first, for example, I don't know. We will need to think
about this. There's also a possibility of doing this through AI. So we have a, a talking,
you know, like a video talking to them saying, you know, what's your concern? And they'll speak
to it or type, speak, or, you know, record themselves. And, you know, we can go through
all these questions and then, and then extract the information later. So let's say we've done
this. Now they've gone through the, the head scan. They've completed the head scan. The next part is
to schedule the treatment. So for this, they can add a few treatment dates that they, that they're
free in. So for example, they're free next week, but they're also free in three months time. So
they can do two date ranges. For this, they will select a wide, a relatively wide date range. So
let's say they're available for a full week. So the provider will then be able to give them a
quote based on that week. But they can, for example, choose from the Tuesday to the Sunday,
not from the Monday to the Sunday, for example. The procedure on average takes for around four
days, or if you're traveling, so you're traveling there first day, there's, you know, there's a
consultation, for example, the next day, they'll start on the treatment. The third day, typically,
they'll do like aftercare and so on. And usually you travel on that last day. In some cases,
they might be, they might have quite a lot of transplant, a lot of work to be done. So it might
be the transplant itself might carry on for two days, it might be four days and so on.
So based on that, the provider will select that, you know, this is, you know, the day one is going
to be this, day one, day two is going to be like this, and so on. So the whole process is four days
or whatever. Now here, I would like also to, you know, to have the flight API pick up what's the
average cost of those flights, or, you know, we can maybe do average or cheapest cost or whatever
it is for those flights, you know, you know, there and back, for example. So if they've selected two
or three different dates, they might say, oh, actually, this one is too expensive,
the flights are 500 pounds instead of 220, because of school holidays or something along those lines.
So that's a, that's something that, you know, needs to be implemented. So once they've selected
the dates that they want, we move on to the medical questionnaire. So this is quite important,
because there are certain things that will make mean that this procedure is not safe and so on.
And I feel like, you know, we need to obviously be, you know, relatively safe, we don't want to be
flying patients to clinics and perform treatments on them when they're not, you know, we haven't
covered ourselves and so on. So this one can be quite long. So there's quite a lot of questions
here, yes or no. Again, maybe we can do this a little bit quicker, but I feel like sometimes
it's easy to read and press yes or no, and so on. But either way, that's the idea of the medical
questionnaire.
Medication, do you have any medication regularly? You know, then you write details if you've got
medication, and then it's a summary of everything. You can, you know, view your 3D scan, you can see
the date ranges that you've picked, and the questionnaire that you filled out. And then
once you've requested a quote, it moves on to, it sends it to your, to practitioners.
Would you like to request a quote from some of our popular providers? This is a list that I think
we need to have a bit of control over also. But we can give them like a list of providers, they can,
or we can do it through reviews or whatever. But again, they can click on them and select
multiple ones and send, you know, specific requests to those providers.
And so, this is the, you know, get transplant screens. This is the monitor your hair transplant,
aftercare, and monitor hair loss. None of these have, you know, we don't have screens for them
yet, but that's the, you know, that's the idea that I spoke to you, that I mentioned earlier.
You know, from, from this, from this screen. Okay, so that's the quote part. Once they've
submitted the quote, they'll have, you know, they'll be able to go back to the dashboard,
they'll see, you know, that they requested, they'll see the details, and so on. They'll
be able to see notifications once quotations have come through, and so on. Now, let's say they've
got some quotations, and they'll see that they've got, you know, four offers, for example, in this
case, they can view the offer. So, in this case, they'll see, you know, that these are four offers
for the time period that they've, that they've given, and the price that they,
the total price for the treatment. Then the next screens are just a breakdown of what it looks like,
you know, in terms of accepting the offer. This is the travel package, which you'll see in later
screens here. So, once they've, you know, once they've, you know, if they want to see more
details, basically, they'll be able to see what's been offered, you know, so that they'll, we will
make quite a lot of informative videos on each procedure, because they might offer them
this type of hair transplant, there's lots of types of transplants. So, depending on what
they've been offered, we will have a very, you know, high quality video for them to understand
what the procedure is, and, you know, what's going to happen, and so on. And this is just
some details, again, on the offer. So, again, you have the travel
options. So, here, depending on the travel options,
the price will vary. So, you can scroll basically through and see,
you know, like, you know, travel option one, travel option two, there might be,
you know, four star versus five star, they might include, you know, hotel pickup versus
no hotel pickup, and so on and so on. So, this is these travel, these packages will be given by
the clinic themselves for, you know, so the clinical hospital will offer these packages,
and so on. Once we start offering these ourselves, you know, flights, transportation,
or accommodation, we won't really offer it here, or we will offer it. But it won't be part of,
it won't be part of the provider, it'll just be us. So, they'll have different ones,
and they'll increase the price depending on which package they choose. At launch, we're going to,
for travel, we're going to rely completely on the provider. But hopefully, down the line,
we will be including the travel packages ourselves. So, now, moving down to this,
this will be, you know, the estimated number of grafts, or how many actual hairs that are going
to be implanted, this number will vary between 500, all the way to 8,000, 10,000, and so on.
So, the more hair, the more grafts that you're getting, the longer the procedure is, the more
cost usually it is. And then these are, you know, little things about what's included in the,
you know, the medical part of the, of the treatment. They can, if they have questions,
they can click on chat and chat to us directly. I did want them to have the option of speaking
directly to, speaking directly to the provider for questions, but I'm not sure at the end if
that's what we decided or not. It might show up again at the bottom, we'll see. But again, here,
then there's information in terms of, you know, the arrival window when they need to, you know,
to arrive for their flight, which airports they need to arrive in. And then this should be a
takeoff, really, takeoff from Istanbul, you know, date, earliest departure will be, and so on,
and so on. Then there'll be a cancellation policy, you can see the details,
privacy commitment, terms and conditions, hopefully all fairly standard for me.
The other thing that I wanted was this, I wanted the price to be a little bit more obvious,
so not just here. So I wanted it to, to be, to hover, basically, as you go down,
you can see the price, and you can accept and so on and so on. Once they've accepted,
you can apply discount code. So this will work for if you've come through an affiliate,
you might have a discount, for example, or if you've seen an advert and you have a discount
code, you can apply a discount here. On the cost, it will have a breakdown of how much the clinic is
getting. In our ideal term, really, we need to break it down to clinic accommodation, for example,
and then aftercare. So aftercare is our fee. But we would need to break down, you know, I guess,
you know, I guess this will, we can work on, but the idea is to have a bit of a better breakdown
of what the fees are. And then when there is a discount, we need to show, you know,
how it's been discounted, for example. For example, here, but you know, which,
you know, which part, because sometimes the discount is only from the transplant costs,
not everything else, for example, like, you know, it's not the accommodation and so on and so on.
So we just need to break down where the discount is and so on. And that's it for the accepting part
of the procedure, I believe. If you, if you click on the provider themselves, so here,
or where was it? There should be an area here where you can see more information about the
provider themselves. I'm not sure where that is. Okay, but we'll get back to it. So they'll be
able to get an overview of the provider. I think we did this a little later on, actually.
But I think it should be included in these screens as well. I'll explain, you know,
I'll come back to it in a second. But you'll be able to see the provider, you know,
you know, the staff, the certifications, awards, all of these different things,
reviews, which are quite important for us. I think there's a few things that might not have
been added yet. You know, we, in terms of the design, I guess we will work through these together.
And yeah, so I think if you can, if you click on this, you'll get the video, you'll also get
like a text of what the procedure involves, and so on and so on. That's it here. I didn't
miss anything here. Yep. And then if you've accepted it, if you accepted the transplant,
the other thing here, just to go back, sorry, we do need to have a time frame of when,
how long this offer lasts, because the prices do change and so on. So we can't,
someone can't accept it, you know, the day before, for example, and so on. So
there usually will be like a, you know, 48 hours or whatever period of time where the offer
is valid. So there needs to be an indication of how long the offer is. And again, it should be
repeated here. But once you've accepted the offer, it will then, there's two options, either we have
a auto-accept. So I think that majority of these will be auto-accept. So once you've had the
offer, it will auto-accept and these screens will really be irrelevant in essence. But
so these screens just indicate that you've accepted, but we're waiting, you're waiting
for the provider then to accept, you know, to accept it in. But the way I wanted it really is,
and the way that the provider accepts in their platform, which I'll go through in a bit,
is they will select, you know, so they've given you a time timeline, let's say from the 20th to
the 25th, but then they select the actual time. So they select 9am on the 20th is the first
appointment, for example, and then that accepts, they accept the, you know, this patient basically.
But what I want them to do is pre-select the appointment already from the beginning.
So once this, the patient has accepted, it's pre-approved automatically. And then we move
on to the next page straight away, which is basically it's scheduled, but they need to then
confirm payment. Again, these are the confirmation screens so that it's now been scheduled.
And they will, they'll have, you know, a detail of what's going to happen on day one to day five,
whatever it is, the location and so on and so on. And then they'll have a payment screen,
you know, to pay by, we're using Stripe generally, but we might have other options in the future and
so on, but just a standard, you know, pay screen. The only thing to say about pay here is,
depending on where the patient is located, we will have different payment options. So
we will accept sterling pounds if they're in the UK, euro if they're in Europe,
dollar if they're in America, and so on. So there'll be a few countries,
maybe six or seven that we will accept local payments. And for the rest, we will, you know,
they will be defaulted into dollar or I'm not sure exactly, depending on the region. In the
admin section, all of that is, you know, is pre-selected. So you select which country
or which region. So, you know, you can say, you can create a region of Europe, for example, then,
you know, add 28 countries that will all be in euro, for example, and so on.
So that's the scheduled. And then this is the confirmed. So they've already made payment.
They've got the confirmation. And in here, we need to give them the options of book hotel,
book flights, if they weren't included in the package, for example,
and then input their passport details. This is for, this is if the provider, for example, is
is booking their hotels or even booking their flights, they'll need their passports to do
to do these bookings. So they'll click on the screens and be able to, you know,
provide a scanned picture of their passports and so on.
So now this is in progress. I'm just trying to see if there's another screen that I missed before.
No, I don't think so. Okay, so, so this is in progress. So now this is a patient that's,
you know, they've got all the details, they've got the flight is booked, and they can see it
through here. They see what the provider and all, you know, kind of all the details like them,
we mentioned before. Okay, that's just a different frame. And then this is the aftercare screen. So
once they've had the procedure and everything, they've moved on to that aftercare screen. So
this is, you know, they'll have some milestones, you know, we'll break down different milestones
from the airline admin app. But they'll know which, you know, where they're, you know, which
milestones they're on. They'll be able to see, they'll be able to chat to the support team if
they need, they'll be able to do these scans regularly, so they can have a, you know, we'll
have a basically a collection of how their progress is going, they'll be able to, you know,
depending on the milestones, especially after surgery, they'll be able to say,
this is not correct, obviously, like, this is pain, and then night, sleep, and so on. So there'll
be a sleep assessment, there'll be a pain level assessment. So this is, you know, pain, this should
be sleep, sleep well, so this should be sleep, not pain. And then there'll be different questions,
you know, this all depends on the settings that we have for each milestone. So for each
milestone, we have, for example, one milestone, they'll be asked a set of questions every two
days. Some milestones, they'll be asked questions every month, or every few weeks, and so on.
So this will be, you know, the questions, they'll be able to answer it, and so on.
And then they'll have instructions in terms of, you know, the, you know, the first few days,
they're taking antibiotics, this, you know, after that, they now have to take these supporting
medications, and so on. So they'll be able to see all of this. And within that, there'll be like,
helpful guides of, you know, how to take it, how to wash your hair, and all these different things.
So that's the, you know, the screens for aftercare. These are the screens for reviews,
leaving reviews. I do want the reviews to be a little interactive. So you, if they opt to,
they'll have, you know, the 3D scan of before and after. So there's like an interactive
progress of, you know, the, you know, how they were, you know, before the scan,
and before the procedure. And then, you know, it will, you know, sort of build up over,
you know, how many times they do these scans. So you'll see the progress, and the before and
after will add up to that. Again, this doesn't have to be all, you know, from the, from launch,
but this is, you know, kind of the idea that we wanted to do. So this is a screens for profiles,
again, relatively standard, hopefully nothing too complicated. This is the review section
for the clinic. Yes. Okay, so this part is, this is quite important. So this, this is
what I was saying, I, you know, I was sure that we did some screens.
So this is supposed to be at the bottom of here. So, so you, the, you're getting this graph
estimate, you're getting the, you know, information for your, before your procedure and so on.
And then we need to have, before the cancellation process and all that stuff, you have the
information about the clinic. So this, you know, they'll have the reviews for the clinics with,
you know, the, the, just like this, basically, you'll be able to scroll through them.
You'll be able to see all the reviews, you have this section about the, the, the, the clinic or
hospital, you'll be able to click on it and have more information. You'll see the specialist that
will, will be doing your, your procedure. And then you can message them directly, you can,
you know, if you've got certain questions or worries, you can message them now. The idea here
is that we will monitor all conversations. So all, all communication that's happening in the app,
we, you know, on the admin side, we need to be able to see it for safety reasons, number one,
but number two, also, we need to be able to monitor if, if, if any providers are, you know,
providing treatments outside the app, or asking them to book with them directly,
that kind of stuff, just to be able to monitor these things. So this is the, that section,
you can see that there's a few different things that, you know, I guess, when, let me just do,
I'm just going to click okay.
