Hello and welcome, this is the provider platform for Hairline.
So, this is where clinics and hospitals
will be given access to this.
Everyone obviously have their own dashboard and information.
We currently don't have a lot of data on this version.
So, unfortunately, we'll have to go back and forth
between the design and this platform.
But the idea here is that, again, none of the data here is being pulled.
This is just a kind of demo.
But the idea is once the patient has submitted a request for a quote,
they will get this inquiry tab,
they will have the patient, age, problem, la, la, la.
And they'll be able to click on it
and have the information that the patient submitted.
So, if I go back to the design,
so this is just a simple login screen,
this will be the dashboard of the information like we just saw.
And then for inquiries, so once they've clicked on inquiries,
they'll be able to see the patient's details,
you'll be able to click on view.
And this will be the details, the scan,
they'll be able to click and look at the scan,
the date range that they have, you know, this should be reversed.
So, any known allergies to medication,
if there is yes, then they should be highlighted in red.
So, something obvious, any known allergies to medication.
So, this is in the, so this will be like a separate question.
So, for example, this might be, you know,
do you have diabetes or whatever?
If they say yes, if they say no, it should be green.
So, there's, you know, it's fine.
But if anything is highlighted as yes, then it should be red.
So, or at least highlighted in a different way.
So, the provider can quickly scan and say,
okay, this is no problem, you know, this patient's fine.
Something, for example, that's quite important is,
for example, if they highlight HIV,
or if they have blood disorders, and so on, these kinds of things,
some providers will not provide treatments.
Some providers will, but they have to do a very different setup
and different sanitizations and so on and so on.
So, the cost for that is very different.
So, again, these are things that are important.
Some stuff, they might need to prescribe them different things before.
If they've got, you know, heart conditions,
for example, or high blood pressure, they might need to monitor them.
So, this information needs to be very clear very quickly.
And then, yeah, so just as I said, you know, patient information and so on.
And then once, you know, so they can click on submit code,
when they click on submit code,
they'll have, you know, this category of different information.
So, some of this stuff will be pre-done.
So, we, Hairline app, the admin, we will,
will be doing these different treatments with providers.
So, we will create the treatment, we will have the video,
the information about it, all of those things.
And so, they will be very easy to select
what they want to do for treatment.
And then they will have pre-selected packages
that they will be able to do from preferences or profile,
I can't remember exactly where.
But here, they will be able to click on what they provide,
if they provide hotels and so on.
Like, these are the packages that they will select.
There is a, the way I wanted it to be done,
I think further down the line, we might be able to see it.
But when they're creating these treatments,
they're going to always create a base treatment.
So, this is just treatment, no hotels, nothing.
This will be their base price line.
After that, they'll have, what I really think we should do
is have add-ons.
So, things like hotels, things like flights,
things like transportations, that kind of stuff.
The idea is that once we start offering stuff through the app,
so transports, so flights, transport, hotels,
we can disable these ones.
So, they can just give us the price of treatment,
but we will take care of everything else without having,
without having, so without them having to redo all of this again,
if that makes sense,
or without them having to redo the packages again.
So, anyway, so let's say they've selected a package,
the package, so they've selected the treatment and package,
they move on to then customise it.
So, even within that package, they can customise it.
Actually, this patient, you know, this doesn't work for this patient,
you know, they'll disable it, or they can add different things,
you know, add, so they've selected the package,
but they will offer hotels and they will offer this and so on.
So, that's that.
And then from there, they will select the date range.
Again, it has to fit with one of the,
so in the case that we saw earlier,
the patient selected three different dates,
so three different ranges of dates.
So, they have to pick, so they can offer three, for the three.
So, they can offer, you know, a price for the first one,
one second, or they can just offer the same price for all of them.
For example, I want them to be able to do that in one screen.
So, they don't have to do it again and again and again.
So, they don't have to do three quotations.
So, the idea is from the screen, they can select,
you know, date range one, date range two,
date range three, for example.
Once they've done that, they can amend the price.
And there is a discount, I don't believe,
I don't believe it's added here on the screen,
but there should be, you know, a discount section.
So, there's this discount we will talk about a little bit more
on the provider, the admin section, our admin section,
but we will offer separate different types of discounts.
So, one is a whole discount that will affect,
you know, I guess it can be a little bit complicated,
but just to simplify it, there'll be different types of discounts.
A discount that will affect the whole price,
discount that will affect only the price for the provider,
for example, and a discount price that will only affect our,
the hairline price, the hairline commission, sorry.
So, we take commissions from each.
So, let's say this provider is going to submit a quote for 2000,
we, depending on the agreement with them,
we might have a 10% commission,
we might have a 20% depends on our agreement.
So, some discounts will only affect our price, not them.
And so, those ones we create, we will create, for example,
you know, summer offer for 50 pounds off, for example,
let's say $50 off or whatever.
And that price might come only from us.
If we select that it applies to the whole treatment,
then the provider has to approve it.
So, they have to approve it for it to work with them,
if that makes sense.
And you'll see that through the screens in a little bit.
So, then they'll add the clinician.
So, which clinician is doing the procedure,
they'll select from the clinicians, they can write a note.
I think the screen is missing currently,
but they need to be able to write instead of note or with the note,
they'll need to write the graph number.
So, and this ideally should be,
they should be able to analyze the screen, the 3D scan,
and then write the graph number.
So, they think roughly they're going to need 2500 graphs,
for example.
Another point that we can do, and I'm going to pause the video now
and just load up another screen quickly.
So, this is another platform.
And they have this, this is basically,
this platform is designed for hair transplant providers.
Providers, they don't do what we do.
So, they're not the patient part,
this is just like for a provider to model hair transplants and so on.
So, this is definitely something that we need to develop ourselves.
It might not be something that we are going to be releasing on day one.
But this is definitely something that we want to do.
So, the idea here is that they'll be able to visualize
where the, you know, which part of the transplant is going
and how it's going to look afterwards and so on.
Again, it's not something that we're going to do now.
But, you know, we need to be able to add this to the platform later on.
So, we'll leave it, I'll leave it here.
But just keep that in mind as we develop just,
obviously, as we go through this, if you've got any ideas,
any thoughts on how to improve this, always feedback, let's write it down.
Let's, you know, discuss it and hopefully make it happen.
So, going back to this, once it's a yes,
then we need to write the, they need to be able to write the graph,
the number of graphs.
I mean, to be honest, this should be early on,
you know, with the selected treatments and so on.
It should be the number of graphs.
If we're able to, you know, have lines or drawings on the 3D image
to send to the patient, so the patient can see
what they visually want to add.
Most providers actually will do this,
but they do it by hand or they do it themselves.
And then they send it to the patient.
So, even if we have an area, we can, you know,
they can upload images and that kind of stuff.
So, you know, with the note, they'll be able to upload,
you know, images, you know, or files or whatever.
So, they can present that to the patient.
And then there's a summary and submission.
Really, that's this part.
This is the idea, this is a screen for the medical questionnaire.
As I said, the colors really just shouldn't look like this,
otherwise it's confusing.
It looks like as if it's a positive when it's a negative, okay?
What screen is this? This is the 3D scan.
I've done this, I don't think it really makes sense, but okay, it's fine.
Moving on to the next part, which is quotes.
So, within the platform here, you'll see that this is the inquiries.
And then here we have got the tab for appointments.
We have in that there's quotes, accepted, scheduled, confirmed.
So, just very quickly, we go through it.
These are, you know, the quotes, and these are the accepted.
So, these are people that have accepted the appointments,
the treatment time, obviously price and so on.
And then you'll be able to click and have a look at,
you know, the information for the patient and so on.
Here is when they've accepted.
And as I said earlier, in the mobile app video,
they need to be able to schedule this as part of the inquiry.
So, you know, part of the inquiry here, we need to have schedule.
It does create a little bit more work for the patient, for the provider.
But it just means that we can auto, you know, complete this.
So, instead of having this accepted section,
we can auto schedule it straight away and just it'll save time.
But really, the idea here is, if the patient confirms,
and then we have to wait for the provider to then reconfirm,
if that takes a few days, it takes, you know, a week or whatever it is,
the patient might have given up or lost interest.
But if it's auto confirmed straight away,
and the next screen for the patient is, you know, pay for your appointment,
they're more likely to pay there and then,
instead of, you know, coming back a few days later
and changing their mind or whatever.
But the idea is that they select the time of the appointment,
the location of the, you know,
if they've got multiple clinics, for example, or whatever.
And then this is the treatment progress.
Now, again, this should be pre-filled,
depending on which treatment they've selected.
So, for example, if we look at here,
you know, they've selected the type of treatment.
So, this one, so depending on what they've selected,
it should automatically fill out, you know, these days.
Now, they can make amendments, they can say,
actually, we need an extra day here for this one, and so on and so on.
But they should be able to do this, you know,
directly with when they're scheduling the treatment.
And then this summary, again, this could be the same as,
you know, this summary would be added to the inquiry section
when they're providing a quote.
And then this is another screen for quotes and so on.
So, you know, similar things, I don't think necessarily
we're using those at the moment.
And then these are scheduled. So, this is like, they're scheduled,
but they're not, and we can even change the name of this
to from scheduled to accepted, I don't know.
And remove, you know, remove one of them,
either accept the schedule and just merge them into one.
So, yeah, so just merge these into one, basically.
So, automatically, everything is scheduled.
It can be called accepted, for example.
And then from there, we move on to confirmed.
So, the confirmed is when the patient has paid.
So, once they've made the payment,
the patient moves from, in this case, scheduled to confirmed.
But as I said, instead of having three sections,
I think we should reduce it to, instead of having four,
we should reduce it to three and move schedule accepted
directly to scheduled by pre-doing the appointments
and the itinerary for the days.
So, this is the confirmed section. These are the people that have paid.
Appointment time is set, appointment date is set, and so on.
Again, this is just information.
At this point, they'll be awaiting,
if the package includes hotels, if it includes flights,
if it includes transport,
they need to be able to add these details in.
So, here, it says hotel and flights,
please wait for patient hotel and flight details.
So, this is if they don't have,
but if they're not providing any service,
at some point, the patient will fill this stuff in,
and then they will tell them,
this is the hotel that the patient is staying at,
this is the flight details of the patient staying at, okay?
So, that's that.
Now, we have to remember it's hotel, flights, and transportation.
And as I said, most providers will provide transportation.
So, they'll pick them up from the airport,
they'll take them to the hotels, they'll pick them up from the hotel,
take them to the clinic, take them back to the hotel,
take them to the clinic again, take them to the hotel,
take them to the airport.
And most of them will also provide hotels.
Now, all of this, I'm talking, you know, this all depends,
obviously, if the patient is flying out to get this treatment.
And this is kind of our main market, realistically speaking.
But that's the, so that's that.
Now, if the patient, so this is, again,
the confirmation of flight details,
you know, when they're arriving, and so on and so on.
I would like to make this as easy as possible for the patient,
you know, maybe take a screenshot of your booking
or send the email in,
and then it automatically generates all this data for the provider.
Again, we have to think about this, but keep that in mind.
Now, if the patient,
if the provider is going to do the bookings for hotel or for flights,
it will say a waiting patient hotel,
it should say asking for, yeah.
So it shouldn't say awaiting here,
it would say awaiting passport details, for example.
So this is the name of the screen.
But so here, it should say awaiting,
it should be very clear in red or not red,
but sorry, but you know, something very clear,
that it says, you know, awaiting patient passport details.
So once the passport is in, it's a bit mean to use this one,
I don't know why, but it's fine.
So, you know, break down the data of the passport
once the passport has been scanned in.
And then the patient, the provider will then book hotel or book flight,
depending on if, you know, obviously, this won't show.
If they're not booking flight, this won't show,
but, you know, they'll click on these buttons
to be able to provide the details for the hotel,
provide the details for the flight, and so on and so on.
So that's the idea really here.
Moving on, so once the patient is confirmed,
then they've now arrived at the clinic,
or, you know, we're moving on, they're going to be in progress.
So in progress is a patient that are actually being seen for transplant.
So they'll be able to click on them,
they'll have their, you know, their details,
they'll be able to access all the information again.
But here, really, the idea is that we…
Yeah, so before all of this,
realistically, we need to have some screens.
So when you click on it, we need to be able to highlight,
like, for example, patients on day one, this is what's happening,
you know, because we know what's happening on each day.
And for each one, we need to have some prompts.
So, for example, take a screen, a 3D scan before.
So when they arrive, they've done the consultation,
they've done a 3D head scan.
So the provider will now do one in-house.
And especially because most of them, they will shave their hair.
So they'll do a scan of it shaved, they'll do a scan of it afterwards.
So there'll be several prompts to do this at different stages.
Now, I don't…
This part, we're going to need a little bit of consultation
in with one of the consultants.
So this will be maybe added later, but this should be here somewhere.
So when they click on it, we need to be able to check them in.
We need to be able to add the scans in and all of this stuff.
So once they've done this, and they've finished the procedure,
there's going to be this aftercare setup.
Now, aftercare setup is a complicated one.
The way that we've done it is the patient can…
or plan to do it, is a patient is going to be able
to add their own medication.
Sorry, not patients, sorry.
Providers are going to be able to add their own aftercare setup.
But really, we're going to do it from templates.
So we're going to do a few templates.
Patients can… the providers can do a few templates.
And then the idea is just to select from a template
and it'll fill out all the details.
They can add instructions or medication.
This… there is another way…
there's another set of screens for aftercare
that I'll show you afterwards,
which I think might ultimately replace these.
It might be easier.
But either way, so select template,
and it'll load, you know, kind of everything.
But that's a very simplistic aftercare screens.
There's a lot more to it in the hairline admin side,
which I think we will then…
you know, we will most likely be replacing those here
just to make it easier.
But also, there's a little bit of a, you know, like a fine line.
Because most of the time,
our company will be doing the hairline, the aftercare service.
So we will have agreements with each provider.
So some of them will be…
we will definitely want to be part of that service.
And we might pay them extra for that, for example.
Some of them will not. They'll say, no, we just give them paperwork.
And that's it. That's all we do.
So we can have the instructions from the operating physician,
for example, and all that stuff.
And then we will then provide the aftercares,
you know, ourselves separately.
So we just have to work out exactly how to do that efficiently.
But then they'll be able…
So after they finish the in-progress part,
they'll move to aftercare part.
The aftercare part is, you know,
they'll be able to see which phases they've done, recovery.
Again, once I go through the other section,
I think it'll be a bit easier to understand.
But these are basically the milestones, recovery,
you know, post-op recovery.
And then there'll be different milestones
that we will set up with different names.
And you'll know how far they've, you know,
depending on what they've completed or depending on the timeframe.
Most of it is done by timeframe.
So a few days or weeks or whatever, you know,
you'll see what percentage they're in.
And then this is the data that we will have.
Like in terms of compliance, how much they're checking in,
how much, what they're doing, as well as their pain level and so on.
You know, these are the questions that they'll be asked from the app.
And then they can have a consultation.
So if they're in quite a lot of pain,
they're not sure they can, the provider can provide a consultation,
you know, a video chat with them and so on.
This is then complete. So this is when they are completely done.
You know, they'll see if they've given a review.
And, you know, they'll still be able to see
which recovery process and so on and so on.
Now, quickly going through some of these,
these are just the data reviews, you know, number of quotes,
you know, which, you know, where the patient's, you know, data lie.
And then, you know, their general performance.
So this, the idea here is a breakdown of their earnings, financials.
So previous payments and upcoming payments.
And then, you know, just the general graphs of earnings
and breakdown of what procedure, you know, makes them how much.
And then upcoming payments is quite an important section.
So this is, this will be how much we are paying them
for completed treatments and so on.
So this will be listed depending on, again, a preset agreements.
So we will give them the option of paying them once a month,
once every two weeks, or once or so once a month,
twice a month, and once a week.
And so they'll be able to, most of them will pick once a week.
But the idea here is the system will calculate
how many patients have completed this,
their treatments are within the set timeframe.
And then, and then the payment will be calculated for,
you know, upcoming payment will be for,
you know, whatever the agreed period is.
So that's finance, finance, and then treatment.
This is the section where they can view the treatments
that they have, they can add treatments.
But as I said before, realistically,
we they're not really going to add treatments,
what they're going to do is select treatments that they want.
Because I prefer that the ad part will be from our side.
So hairline admin will be able to add because we want the videos,
you know, what's included, la la la la, these different things.
And, and most, you know, at the end, you know,
when they select a treatment, they can disable,
they say, oh, we don't provide this, for example, or whatever it is.
And we'll also work with clinics
if they have a very specific treatment that they only provide,
we will have that, you know, we'll do that for them.
Then this is the promotion.
This is the idea that I said to you before regarding discounts.
So, so if we go down here, we have promotions.
So, so here it's, again, a lot of this is not working
as it's supposed to be, but just the general idea of,
of, you know, adding promotions.
And if we go back to the screen here,
you have the ability to set a discount.
And see, this is the bit where it's a little confusing.
So what they, they ultimately what they, they won't be able,
they can't select hairline only, for example.
And they, and for them, it won't make sense for them to say both feeds
because automatically it's both of our feeds,
because we take a percentage, for example.
So in this case, they're not going to do a discount type, for example.
So when they select, when they select a discount,
they will, they're going to get, you know, discount name,
start date, end date, you know, if it's an amount of percentage.
And, and then they will, you know, press okay.
And, you know, if it's percentage, it'll turn to percentage,
and then it will look, it'll look like this.
So they'll have, you know, our discount, so this is their discount.
So when they are selecting, you know, treatment and price,
they can pre-select that, like the screens I showed you before.
When they're going through this, their pricing,
and they've selected the price of the package,
and then it gives them the option of amending the price here,
it'll have discount, and they'll be able to select the discount.
So they'll have the boxes of discounts available,
and they'll be able to select the discount if they,
if they choose, if it's valid,
if it's within the date range, and so on.
Now, going back to this, so yes, they've selected it in this case,
they've created it, it will pop up as our discount.
So this is their discount.
Now, these are then special discounts that we as Hairline will do.
So let's say we have a winter discount or whatever it is.
And this one is, this one will be both of our fees, obviously.
So this will be, the discount will be taken from their full price.
And it will automatically be our fees and their fees.
What I don't, so what I think to make it simpler,
this will just, they won't necessarily be these.
So it won't be Hairline fees, both fees.
If there is a discount that is only our fees that we've done,
for example, a special discount that we don't,
we, you know, it's just something on top.
What we will have here is that will show only on our platform,
not on their platform. Okay, so.
